O365 - Security And Compliance - Validate sc-auth-start run before sc-auth-complete (#10707)
demisto/content: Packs/EWS/ReleaseNotes/1_6_2.md

#### Integrations
##### O365 - Security And Compliance - Content Search (beta)

> - Integration setup error handle - Validate !o365-sc-auth-start run before !o365-sc-auth-complete

Reviewer: @amshamah419 what do you think?
```suggestion
Improved the integration setup error handling - validate the user run the ***o365-sc-auth-start*** command before running the ***o365-sc-auth-complete*** command.
```

Reviewer 2: run -> ran and it should be good to go

> Improved the integration setup error handling - validate the user run the ***o365-sc-auth-start*** command before running the ***o365-sc-auth-complete*** command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Improved the integration setup error handling. Now validates that the user ran the ***o365-sc-auth-start*** command before running the ***o365-sc-auth-complete*** command.
```
